Update Media Personalization - Add key Learnings (#285)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/solutions-library/media-personalization.txt

> Solution Overview

Reviewer: can't comment on the line but do we want to link "Media" above to something?

-----------------

> In today's evolving media landscape, the large amounts of
> digital content makes it difficult to capture audience attention.

Reviewer: Suggestion for grammar (amount<->makes, amounts<->make)
```suggestion
In today's evolving media landscape, the large amount of
digital content makes it difficult to capture audience attention.
```

Author: Ok

At the same time, declining referral traffic from social media platforms
and search engines puts additional pressure on traditional media outlets.
As a result, publishers are seeking ways to stabilize their user base
and enhance content engagement.

To overcome these challenges, publishers need to use data effectively to
create more engaging and personalized experiences for their users. With
MongoDB Atlas and `Atlas Vector Search
<https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/atlas-vector-search>`__, you

> can build an AI-driven media platform, designed for large-scale media
> and publishing companies, that transforms content delivery to users. By

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can build an AI-driven media platform that transforms content delivery
to users of large-scale media and publishing platforms. By
```

analyzing interactions and consumption patterns, this solution grasps
what content resonates with users and predicts what they are likely to
engage with in the future. These insights enable publishers to construct
a personalized content journey. To learn how to build smarter searches,
visit the :ref:`Atlas Vector Search Quick Start guide
<vector-search-quick-start>`.

Reference Architectures
-----------------------

> The architecture shows how you can build an AI-driven media solution
> with MongoDB that incorporates advanced personalization services, such
> as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The architecture below shows how you can build an AI-driven media solution
with MongoDB that incorporates advanced personalization services, such
as:
```

Author: Ok

- Discovery and content suggestions
- Content summarization and reformating

> - Keyword Extraction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keyword extraction
```

- Insights and dossiers automation

You can reuse the core concepts of this solution across other industries
such as retail, where presenting the right products to the right users is

> essential to keep sales high.

Reviewer: this might fit better after the solution explanation is over

.. figure:: /includes/images/industry-solutions/media-personalization-architecture.svg
   :figwidth: 750px
   :alt: An image showing the reference architecture of vector search

   Figure 1. AI-driven media architecture with Atlas Vector Search

> Below is a closer look at each of these services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections describe these services in more detail.
```

Discovery and Content Suggestions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This solution suggests content based on users' preferences and past
interactions by utilizing user data, behavioral analytics, and vectorization
of media items. This enhances user engagement and increases the likelihood
of converting free users into paying subscribers. MongoDB's 
Vector Search performs |knn| searches, optimizing how content
is matched by embedding vectors directly into MongoDB documents.
This means that you don't need to manage multiple applications or transfer
data between different database systems, which simplifies the architecture.
Additionally, MongoDB's scalability and resilience enable organizations
to scale their operations vertically or horizontally. You can also scale 
search nodes independently from operational database nodes to adapt to
the specific load scenario.

Content Summarization and Reformating
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Users have a diverse array of consumption habits. This solution provides 
concise summaries and adapts content formatting based
on user preferences and device specifications.

> Keywords Extraction
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keyword Extraction
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

  requirements. This includes adjusting the level of detail, the amount of
  technical terms, and the inclusion of multimedia elements.

Build the Solution
------------------

You can view a solution demo at `<https://ist.media>`__.

.. figure:: /includes/images/industry-solutions/ist-media-interface.svg
   :figwidth: 750px
   :alt: An image showing the homepage of the ist website

   Figure 2. Media platform homepage interface

In the underlying data model, a representative news article has the following
structure:

.. figure:: /includes/images/industry-solutions/document-model-media.svg
   :figwidth: 750px
   :alt: An image showing an example of a news article in data model format

   Figure 3. Data model for a news article

You can use `Voyage AI <https://www.voyageai.com/>`__ to generate your
embeddings. To perform vector search, create a vector index in MongoDB Atlas
with the following configuration:

.. figure:: /includes/images/industry-solutions/vector-index.svg
   :figwidth: 750px
   :alt: An image showing an embedding model

   Figure 4. Vector index for the embedding model

Key Learnings
-------------

> 
> Below are core takeaways from this solution:

Reviewer: Suggest removing this since we don't have it in other articles 
```suggestion
```

Author: Ok

- You can **build an AI-powered media solution with MongoDB Atlas** to 
  deliver tailored content to your users and automate backend processes,
  such as keywords automation.

- You can **store diverse media data with MongoDB's flexible document
  model**, including user data, news articles and embeddings to develop
  AI-driven applications.  

- You can **personalize user content experiences with MongoDB Atlas
  Vector Search**, aligning individual preferences and past interactions

>   to provide better content journeys.

Reviewer: Do we want to rewrite these to fit the format of other key learnings sections? e.g. **sentence:** explanation
